DRIVERS-1519: srvMaxHosts option for limiting SRV seeding (#1069)
mongodb/specifications: source/polling-srv-records-for-mongos-discovery/tests/README.rst

Wait until ``2*rescanSRVIntervalMS`` and assert that the final topology description
only contains one server: ``localhost.test.build.10gen.cc.`` at port ``27017``.

SRV polling with srvMaxHosts MongoClient option
```````````````````````````````````````````````

The following tests MUST setup a MongoClient using the ``srvMaxHosts`` option
and ``test1.test.build.10gen.cc`` SRV record. Each test MUST mock the described

> DNS changes and then verify the the new list of hosts is present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DNS changes and then verify that the new list of hosts is present.
```

10. All DNS records are selected (srvMaxHosts = 0)
--------------------------------------------------

Configure the MongoClient with ``srvMaxHosts=0``.

Replace the following record::

    _mongodb._tcp.test1.test.build.10gen.cc.  86400  IN SRV  27018  localhost.test.build.10gen.cc.

with::

    _mongodb._tcp.test1.test.build.10gen.cc.  86400  IN SRV  27019  localhost.test.build.10gen.cc.
    _mongodb._tcp.test1.test.build.10gen.cc.  86400  IN SRV  27020  localhost.test.build.10gen.cc.

> Assert that the topology ultimately contains the following hosts:

Reviewer 2: Can this include a timeout?

```suggestion
Wait until ``2*rescanSRVIntervalMS`` and assert that the final topology description contains the following hosts:
```

- localhost.test.build.10gen.cc:27017
- localhost.test.build.10gen.cc:27019
- localhost.test.build.10gen.cc:27020

11. All DNS records are selected (srvMaxHosts >= records)
---------------------------------------------------------

Configure the MongoClient with ``srvMaxHosts=2``.

Replace both records with::

    _mongodb._tcp.test1.test.build.10gen.cc.  86400  IN SRV  27019  localhost.test.build.10gen.cc.
    _mongodb._tcp.test1.test.build.10gen.cc.  86400  IN SRV  27020  localhost.test.build.10gen.cc.

> Assert that the topology ultimately contains the following hosts:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Wait until ``2*rescanSRVIntervalMS`` and assert that the final topology description contains the following hosts:
```

- localhost.test.build.10gen.cc:27019
- localhost.test.build.10gen.cc:27020

12. New DNS records are randomly selected (srvMaxHosts > 0)
-----------------------------------------------------------

Configure the MongoClient with ``srvMaxHosts=2``.

Replace the following record::

    _mongodb._tcp.test1.test.build.10gen.cc.  86400  IN SRV  27018  localhost.test.build.10gen.cc.

with::

    _mongodb._tcp.test1.test.build.10gen.cc.  86400  IN SRV  27019  localhost.test.build.10gen.cc.
    _mongodb._tcp.test1.test.build.10gen.cc.  86400  IN SRV  27020  localhost.test.build.10gen.cc.

> Assert that the topology ultimately has two hosts present and that one of the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Wait until ``2*rescanSRVIntervalMS`` and assert that the topology has two hosts present and that one of the
```

Author: Applied manually.
